CI-9239 push trigger for TI (#2937)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-test-intelligence/set-up-test-intelligence.md

For unsupported codebases, [use Run steps](../run-ci-scripts/run-step-settings.md) to run tests.

## Enable Test Intelligence

Using TI doesn't require you to change your build and test processes. To enable TI:

1. [Add a Run Tests step](#add-the-run-tests-step), which executes one or more tests on a container image.
2. [Generate a call graph](#generate-the-initial-call-graph). The first time you enable TI on a repo, you must commit changes to your codebase that run *all* tests. This generates the initial call graph, which sets the baseline for test selection in future builds.
3. After you've successfully enabled TI, you can further optimize test times by [enabling parallelism (test splitting) for TI](#enable-parallelism-test-splitting-for-test-intelligence).

<details>
<summary>Video summary</summary>

> The following video walks you through setting up Test Intelligence in a Harness CI pipeline. The TI section starts after the 11 minute mark in the video.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following video walks you through setting up Test Intelligence in a Harness CI pipeline. The TI section starts after the 11-minute mark in the video.
```

</Tabs>
```

### Generate the initial call graph

The first time you enable Test Intelligence on a repo, you must run *all* tests to generate an initial call graph. This sets the baseline for test selection in future builds. You can use a webhook trigger or manual build to generate the initial call graph.

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="webhook" label="Webhook trigger (Recommended)" default>
```

> 

Reviewer: Do we need a lead-in for these steps? Ignore if it was considered (which I'm sure is the case, BTW).

1. [Add a webhook trigger](/docs/platform/triggers/triggering-pipelines/) to your pipeline that listens for **Pull Request** or **Push** events in the pipeline's [codebase](../codebase-configuration/create-and-configure-a-codebase.md).
2. Open a PR or push changes to the codebase that will cause *all* tests to run.
3. Wait while the build runs. You can monitor the build's progress on the [Build details page](../viewing-builds.md). If the build succeeds, you can [review the test results](#view-test-reports).
4. If the tests pass and the build succeeds, merge your PR, if applicable.

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="manual" label="Manual build">
```

> 1. Open a PR or push changes to your pipeline's [codebase](../codebase-configuration/create-and-configure-a-codebase.md) that will cause *all* tests to run.

Reviewer: The "that" clause is a few inches away from where it should be. Will the following change work?
```suggestion
1. Open a PR or push changes to your pipeline's [codebase](../codebase-configuration/create-and-configure-a-codebase.md) such that *all* tests run.
```
Or, "Cause *all* tests to run by either opening a PR or pushing changes to your pipeline's codebase"? There are many alternatives. This is just one of them.

2. In Harness, run your pipeline.

   * If you opened a PR, select **Git Pull Request** for **Build Type**, and enter the PR number.

>    * If you pushed changes, select either **Git Branch** or **Git Tag** for **Build Type**, and then enter the branch or tag name, depending on how you pushed changes.

Reviewer 2: @aimurphy I'm not sure how we can push changes to Tags. I havent tested this. Lets keep only branch for now

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

## Troubleshooting

You might encounter these issues when using Test Intelligence.
### pom.xml with argLine

If your `pom.xml` contains `argLine`, you must update the Java Agent as follows:

**Before:**

```
<argLine> something  
</argLine>
```

**After:**

```
<argLine> something -javaagent:/addon/bin/java-agent.jar=/addon/tmp/config.ini  
</argLine>
```

### Jacoco/Surefire/Failsafe

> If you're using Jacoco, Surefire, or Failsafe, make sure the `forkCount` is not set to `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Jacoco, Surefire, or Failsafe, make sure that the `forkCount` is not set to `0`.
```
Sorry, just tripped at that point without the "that". Maybe others won't. :)
